## Introduction

GPT-4o is a state-of-the-art multimodal model that combines the power of language and vision. It has the ability to provide better results with few-shot examples for vision processing. This is a sample project that showcases how to pass few-shot examples in image format in GPT-4o for multimodal processing.

## Getting Started

To get started with this project, follow these steps:

1. Install the required dependencies by running `pip install -r requirements.txt`.
2. Ensure that you have created an Azure Open AI service and deployed the GPT-4o model. For more information, refer to the documentation on Azure Open AI and GPT-4o model deployment at [Azure Open AI Concepts](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/ai-services/openai/concepts/models) and [Azure Open AI Resource Creation](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/ai-services/openai/how-to/create-resource?pivots=web-portal).
3. Retrieve the Azure Open AI Service URL and Azure Open AI Service Key, and update the `.env` file.

```plaintext
AZURE_OPENAI_ENDPOINT="https://<AZURE-OPEN-AI-ENDPOINT>.openai.azure.com/"
AZURE_OPENAI_KEY="<AZURE OPEN AI KEY>"
AZURE_OPENAI_MODEL_DEPLOYMENT="gpt-4o"
AZURE_OPENAI_API_VERSION="2023-05-15"
```

## Usage

The demo script `multimodal-example` provides an example of how to use the GPT-4o model for image classification. It takes as input a few-shot image dataset and outputs the predicted classes for the test images.

```bash
python multimodal-example.py
```
Ensure that you have the necessary permissions and dependencies installed before running the script.

This Python script will perform the following tasks:
1. Generate few-shot examples for `sample_images\cat_image.jpg` and `dog_image.jpg`.
2. Create a LangChain prompt that includes these few-shot examples.
3. Execute the LangChain prompt to detect the animal in `pig_image.jpg`.

## Disclaimer
This project is provided as a sample and is intended for educational and demonstration purposes only. It is not intended for production use. The code and techniques used in this project may not be optimized or secure for real-world scenarios. Use at your own risk.
The sample images are generated by bing images.

## License
This project is licensed under the MIT License. See the [LICENSE](./LICENSE) file for more information.

## Acknowledgements
- langchain: [Link to langchain](https://langchain.io)
